equipment
the first surprised
have just learned
the first well to block the winemaker of the year
it is this hard job for this consecration of
we want to work on the consecration for the whole team especially
we form end of year letter
those who have no
two great winemakers we feel a great team and feel
stung all around a passion
nevertheless I am lucky in the collaborators
those who follow him since yesterday
for 20 years and percent who posted we would not be there
today
- knowledge of spectators is that two years ago already
it's a pride for outings among the 100 greatest
the end of the world is quite a lot of people who actually believe it was
content
surprised and happy so it's the prince the consecration in fact one does not ready
than the golden ball of france football this missile
sometimes I did
I will not go so far to spend things when we take pleasure in
learn to
she is accepted now either he
in europe we are super happy
as much noise
american michel philipp lahm
they found points
quite and so are the robust ones and even more so for the years to come
I will now go back to work whatever makes the difference according to
you
a track
that you have to this consecration
I think that before any wood
the way of working go to peace - ad
good job around
around the movie
the bus that is turned towards the net forms
j says benoît duguay heat
already set up with her lyrical home spell with a 1 1% drop
I allow myself to have tickets
kisombe who lives in us and then I came back shortly before
we are waiting for the school's contest website
I think the sale by year before at rangoun
by a victory 2
and I love talking about patients because the passion of can transcend
transcended as a human
and to the eye and when we manage to transcend
8:40 p.m.
and the most formidable of beautiful things and it's something without gravity
he scored 6-7%
the bottles be rewarded
it was not won because we went to him
in the freshness and their acceptance
the situation of Loire wines ten years ago we are still a little bit
criticized m
and it's open today we realize that people have everything for
please in this defeat but to debate and it is on sale